Rereading: Uncovering the relationship between the Author, Text, and Audience
	Working on this project brought to light what impact re-reading had on my learning experience, and I started seeing the ways in which I was unknowingly applying close reading in my life. Our discussions lead by Sandy on the rhetorical strategies authors used and how easier it was to identify them on a second read-through reminded me of how fun it was to engage with the text to get at what point the author tried to make. It not only brought to light the relationship between the author and text, where the author used a list of strategies to nudge the audience along in the narrative, but also the relationship between the text and reader, who brings their own set of experiences and biases when interpreting the text. Rereading has shown this is an ever-shifting relationship and re-visiting the text often uncovers information you were unaware of in the book, or a new perspective that’s come about because you’ve changed since the last time you’ve read this book.
	My focus on writing python methods was to keep in mind the different levels of re-reading and how they could be measured. Such aspects could be uncovering the deeper meanings of a text (measuring what message author was getting at versus how much of it the reader got), paraphrasing the text’s central idea (comparing how many more unique words students would add than their peers in their descriptions), or what percentage of students were able to glean the perspective the instructor had with the text (finding out what percentage of students included words from a list of “relevant” words the instructor chose). This approach allowed me to apply quantitative statistics on how rereading, an inherently qualitative task, was being approached by students. We were able to assign a Sentiment score to words to glean the reader’s perspective on a text using a dictionary that another research group compiled and made available on the internet. It assigned scores to words based on their connotations, from -1 for negative connotations, 0 for neutral, and 1 for positive. The functions’ main connections to rereading came from allowing the readers to revisit the text in order to answer the questions.
	In terms of students rereading, some constraints that might affect their desire and ability to do so might have to do with patience and time available. Taking the time to reread something can be a rare luxury given a busy schedule and highlighting the benefits and insight gained from rereading can persuade more to give it a try. There is also the question of patience to go over a text already covered, and while some may struggle or be uninterested in the task, giving a new focus or looking at the text through the lens of a different prompt can add more enthusiasm to rereading. That way, rereading is seen as less of a waste of time and more of a means to an end to gain different insight from a book.


